# terminal-con-four
Terminal Connect Four is connect four designed to be played in the terminal. The following is an expalanation of how to play.

&emsp; Upon initiating the game in the terminal and a brief introductory message, the terminal will request a name for Player 1. The user should either enter a name or click return by itself, which will default the name to Player 1. Next, on the terminal prompt for Player 2, either enter the name of a second player or click return without typing anything. This time, however, simply hitting return without typing anything, instead of defaulting Player 2's name to Player 2, will make Player 2 a CPU. <br/>
&emsp; Next, the empty game board (stored as a CSV file) will be displayed and Player 1 will be prompted for a move. Moves should be entered as a number from 1-7, these numbers representing the columns of the board respectively from left to right (if you want to place in the first column, enter 1). Entering any other input will result in a consequent prompt asking for a valid input. After each move, the game board will be printed to the to the terminal and the player whose turn is next will be prompted for their move. Player 1's "chips" are represented by the letter X and Player 2's "chips" by the letter O on the board. Attempting to make a move in a column that is full will result in a message notifying the player that that column is full and a consquent prompt for another input. The game, upon detecting four pieces in a row (either horizontal, vertical, or diagonal, like a regular connect four game), will print out a victory message for the winning player. </br>
&emsp; Finally, the terminal will ask whether the user wants to save the game. Entering y (for yes), will then cause the program to prompt for a title to store the game under. The program will then copy the game board to a CSV file stored in the same folder as all of the other files in the program under the title inputted with .csv appended on the end, saved for future gloating. The program will terminate following any game saving actions.
